Update SecretStore API documentation to account for Features feature. (#2863)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-secret-stores/hashicorp-vault.md

| vaultKVPrefix | N | The prefix in vault. Defaults to `"dapr"` | `"dapr"`, `"myprefix"` |
| vaultKVUsePrefix | N | If false, vaultKVPrefix is forced to be empty. If the value is not given or set to true, vaultKVPrefix is used when accessing the vault. Setting it to false is needed to be able to use the BulkGetSecret method of the store.  | `"true"`, `"false"` |
| enginePath | N | The [engine](https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/secret/kv/kv-v2) path in vault. Defaults to `"secret"` | `"kv"`, `"any"` |

> | vaultValueType | N | Vault value type. `map` means to parse the value into `map[string]string`, `text` means to use the value as a string. The latter will make Vault behave as a secret store with name/value semantics. Defaults to `"map"` | `"map"`, `"text"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vaultValueType | N | Vault value type. `map` means to parse the value into `map[string]string`, `text` means to use the value as a string. 'map' sets the `multipleKeyValuesPerSecret` behavior. `text' makes Vault behave as a secret store with name/value semantics.  Defaults to `"map"` | `"map"`, `"text"` |
```

Author: One thing: Up until this change, we never referred to the behavior by the feature flag name (`multipleKeyValuesPerSecret`). The current docs always use the full _"multiple key-value per secret behaviour"_.

{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Multiple Key-Values per Secret

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Multiple key-values per secret
```

> HashiCorp Vault supports multiple key-values in a secret. While this behavior is ultimately dependent on the underlying [secret engine](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets#secrets-engines) configured by `enginePath`, it is something that might change the way you store and retrieve keys from Vault. For instance, multiple key-values in a secret is the behavior exposed the `secret` engine, the default engined configured by the `enginePath` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HashiCorp Vault supports multiple key-values in a secret. While this behavior is ultimately dependent on the underlying [secret engine](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets#secrets-engines) configured by `enginePath`, it may change the way you store and retrieve keys from Vault. For instance, multiple key-values in a secret is the behavior exposed in the `secret` engine, the default engine configured by the `enginePath` field.
```

When retrieving secrets, a JSON payload is returned with the key names as fields and their respective values.

Suppose you add a secret to your Vault setup as follows:

```shell

> vault kv put secret/dapr/mysecret firstKey=aValue secondKey=anotherValue thirdKey=yetAnotherDistinctValue

Author: Curious if I should make a mention to the `vaultKVPrefix` flag which defaults to `dapr` (see line 64 above) here.

I know I would have appreciated this when I was testing Vault+Dapr before. I was a bit surprised at first about this `dapr` prefix.

Reviewer: Yes. Always added useful information like this.

Author: Added a short sentence refering to the vaultKVPrefix

```

> In the example above, the secret is named `mysecret` and it has 3 key-values under it. Retrieving it from Dapr would result in the following output:

Author: ```suggestion
In the example above, the secret is named `mysecret` and it has 3 key-values under it. 
Observe that the secret is created under a `dapr` prefix, as this is the default value for the `vaultKVPrefix` flag.
Retrieving it from Dapr would result in the following output:
```

> In the example above, the secret is named `mysecret` and it has 3 items (or key values) under it.Retrieving it from Dapr would result in the following output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example above, the secret is named `mysecret` and it has 3 key-values under it. Retrieving it from Dapr would result in the following output:
```
